Add `QUERY` verb (#411)
APIs-guru/graphql-over-http: spec/GraphQLOverHTTP.md

}
```

## QUERY

A [QUERY](https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc10008.html) request instructs the
GraphQL-over-HTTP server to perform a query operation. The request MUST have a
body which contains values of the _GraphQL-over-HTTP request_ parameters encoded
in one of the officially recognized GraphQL media types, or another media type
supported by the server.

A client MUST indicate the media type of a request body using the `Content-Type`

> header as specified in [RFC7231](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc7231).

Reviewer: Updated to 9110 RFC and referenced that this requirement actually comes from RFC10008.

```suggestion
As stated in
[IETF RFC 10008](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc10008#name-query-method) a client MUST indicate the media type of a request body using the
`Content-Type` header; this header is specified in
[IETF RFC 9110](https://httpwg.org/specs/rfc9110.html#field.accept).
```

`application/json` media type (as indicated by the `Content-Type` header)
encoded with UTF-8.

For QUERY requests using an officially recognized GraphQL `Content-Type` without
indicating an encoding, the server MUST assume the encoding is `utf-8`.

If the client does not supply a `Content-Type` header with a QUERY request, the
server SHOULD reject the request using the appropriate `4xx` status code.

Note: Rejecting such requests encourages clients to supply a `Content-Type`
header with every QUERY request. A server has the option to assume any media
type they wish when none is supplied, with the understanding that parsing the
request may fail.

A server MAY support QUERY requests encoded with and/or accepting other media
types or encodings.

If a client does not know the media types the server supports then it SHOULD
encode the request body in JSON (i.e. with `Content-Type: application/json`).

QUERY requests MUST NOT be used for executing mutation operations. If the values
of {query} and {operationName} indicate that a mutation operation is to be
executed, the server MUST respond with error status code `405` (Method Not

> Allowed) and halt execution. This restriction is necessary to conform with the

Reviewer: 405 would say that `/graphql` does not support the `QUERY` verb at all. Use 422 instead?

```suggestion
executed, the server MUST respond with error status code `422` (Unprocessable
Entity) and halt execution. This restriction is necessary to conform with the
```
